Build WASM binaries as part of cargo build (#2868)
paritytech/substrate: core/utils/wasm-builder-runner/README.md

# WASM builder runner

> As cargo just contains millions of bugs when it comes to correct dependency and feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As cargo contains many bugs when it comes to correct dependency and feature
```

resolution, we need this little tool. See <https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/5730> for
more information.

> It will create a project that itself will call `substrate-wasm-builder` to not let any dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will create a project that will call `substrate-wasm-builder` to prevent any dependencies
```

> from `substrate-wasm-builder` influence the main project's dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from `substrate-wasm-builder` influencing the main project's dependencies.
```
